TestFam
ee; 3; 
|
>>
CCC :( :| :| :|
INGREDIENTS
3/4 cup (1.5 sticks or 170g) unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
3/4 cup (150g) packed light or dark brown sugar
1/4 cup (50g) granulated sugar
1 large egg, at room temperature
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
2 cups (250g) all-purpose flour (spoon & leveled)
2 teaspoons cornstarch
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 and 1/4 cup (225g) semi-sweet chocolate chips
PROCESS
In a large bowl using a hand-held mixer or stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat the butter, brown sugar, and sugar together on medium speed until combined and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl as needed.
In a separate bowl, combine flour, cornstarch, baking soda and salt. Add into the wet ingredients, then beat on low speed until combined. The cookie dough will be slightly thick. On low speed, beat the chocolate chips. Cover dough tightly with aluminum foil or plastic wrap and chill for at least 1 hour and up to 2 days. Chilling is mandatory for this cookie dough.
Remove cookie dough from the refrigerator and allow to sit at room temperature for 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 350F (177C). Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. (Always recommended for cookies.) Set aside.
Once chilled, the dough will be slightly crumbly, but will come together when you work the dough with your hands. Roll balls of dough, about 1.5 Tablespoons of dough each, into balls.
Bake for 10-12 minutes, until barely golden brown around the edges. The cookies will look extremely soft when you remove them from the oven. Cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheet. If the cookies are too puffy, try gently pressing down on them with the back of a spoon. They will slightly deflate as you let them cool. If desired, while the cookies are still warm, press a few extra chocolate chips into the tops. This is completely for looks!
Transfer cookies to a cooling rack to cool completely. Cookies stay fresh covered at room temperature for up to 1 week.
COOK TIME
11
YIELD
11
<<
>>
Perfect Poached Chicken :| :(
INGREDIENTS
2 large Chicken breasts (about 1.5 lbs total)
2 quarts Water or broth
1 tbsp Salt
PROCESS
Place chicken breasts in the pan.
Add cold water (roughly 2 quarts) to the pan until the chicken breasts are fully submerged.
Bring the water to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Turn the heat down to low and cover the pan.
Simmer for ten minutes.
Check for doneness! You want an internal temp of 165°F. Once the chicken is done, take it off the heat.
Let the chicken rest in its poaching liquid for a few minutes. As the chicken rests in the cooking liquid, it will reabsorb some of the moisture it released during cooking.
COOK TIME
15 min
YIELD
8
<<
>>
Chicken Piccatta
INGREDIENTS
2 lbs Chicken cutlets, tenders or chicken breasts (halved horizontally)
2 1/2 tsp Salt, divided
1/2 tsp Pepper
1 cup Flour for dredging
10 tbsp Butter, cut into pieces, divided
4 tbsp Olive oil, divided
1 Shallot, minced
1 tbsp Garlic, minced
1 1/2 cups Chicken stock
1 Lemon juiced (1 tbsp)
2 tsp Lemon zest
2 tbsp Capers, drained
Parsley, chopped, for garnish (optional)
PROCESS
1. Season the chicken with 2 teaspoons salt and pepper on both sides. Place the flour on a plate. Dredge the chicken in the flour and shake off any excess. Discard the flour when finished dredging.
2. Heat 3 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet set over medium-high until the butter has melted.
3. Working in batches, taking care not to crowd the pan, add ½ the chicken and sauté until golden brown, about 2 ½ - 3 minutes per side, until cooked through. Set the chicken aside on a plate when they finish cooking.
4. Add 3 more tablespoons of butter and 2 more tablespoons of olive oil and finish cooking the 2nd batch of chicken.

5. Add the shallot to the pan drippings and sauté until soft and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add garlic and saute for 1 minute longer.

6. Add the stock and simmer until reduced by half, about 4-5 minutes.

7. Reduce heat to low, then stir in the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, capers, lemon juice, and zest to taste. Season with remaining ½ teaspoon of salt. Garnish with parsley if using.

8. Serve the chicken with the piccata sauce poured over the top of the pan-fried chicken, alongside your favorite pasta or salad.
COOK TIME
15
YIELD
6
<<
